5.1 The fork() System Call
    The fork() system call is used to create a new process. However, be forewarned: it is certainly the strangest routine you will ever call. More specifically, you have a running program whose code looks like what you see in Figure 5.1.
    Let us understand what happened in more detail in p1.c. When it first start running, the process prints out a hello world message; included in that message is its process identifier, also known as a PID. The process has a PID of 29146; in Unix systems, the PID is used to name the process if one wants to do something with the process, such as stop it from running.
    Now the interesting part begins. The process calls the fork() system call, which the OS provides as a way to create a new process. The odd part: the process that is created is an(almost) exact copy of the calling process. That means that to the OS, it now looks like there are two copies of the program p1 running, and both are about to return from the fork() system call. The newly-created process (called the child, in contrast to the creating parent) doesn't start running at main(), like you might expect ; rather, it just comes into life as if it had called fork() itself.
    You might have noticed: the cild isn't an exact copy. Specifically, although it now has its own copy of the address space(i.e., its own private memory), its  own registers, its own PC, and so forth, the value it returns to the caller fork() is different. Specifically, while the parent receives the PID of the newly-created child, the child receives a return code of zero. This differentiation is useful, because it is simple